{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green21\blue22;\red246\green246\blue246;\red18\green79\blue146;
\red22\green21\blue22;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green57\blue121;\red246\green246\blue246;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;\cssrgb\c7059\c39216\c63922;
\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c4314\c29804\c54902;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hello! Thank you for participating in our study. It looks like your participation was partial and you submitted with No Code. In this case, please go back to the study page to "return" the study as shown here:\'a0\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://participant-help.prolific.co/hc/en-gb/articles/360021785614"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 https://participant-help.prolific.co/hc/en-gb/articles/360021785614\
}}\
\'a0We were able to pay you the partial compensation for the completed parts using the bonus feature. However, because you did not finish the full study, we request that you return the study within the next 2 weeks.\'a0 Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.\
\
If no response:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 Hello,\
This is regarding our study titled\'a0
\f1\i\b <study title here>\'a0
\f0\i0\b0 found here:\'a0
\f1\i\b <link to study here>
\f0\i0\b0 \
The following participants failed quality checks. However, we want to have their submissions "returned" (rather than rejected) and issue partial compensation using the bonus feature. I have messaged them asking to return the submission, but they are yet to respond. I was wondering if you can return the submissions on their behalf, and then we can issue partial payment:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f1\i\b \cf5 <IDs here>
\f0\i0\b0 \
I am happy to provide further information/clarification as needed.\
Thanks!\
Agudemu\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://researcher-help.prolific.co/hc/en-gb/requests/new"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb8 \ul \ulc7 \strokec7 https://researcher-help.prolific.co/hc/en-gb/requests/new}}}